feature(cli): add support for publishing from a subdirectory using `publishConfig.directory` (#428)
atlassian/changesets: .changeset/tame-pumas-bathe.md

---
"@changesets/types": patch
---

> Updated signature for `publishConfig` structure of package.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated signature of `PackageJSON['publishConfig']` to include `directory?: string`.
```
